---
title: Privacy Policy
layout: Base
permalink: /privacy-policy/
description: Privacy Policy for ErickMcCollum.com.
---

# Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 03, 2020

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the [Privacy Policy Generator](https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/free-privacy-policy-generator/) on *[FreePrivacyPolicy.com](https://app.freeprivacypolicy.com/)*.

We **do not** use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service.

## Interpretation and Definitions
### Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions 
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
- **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to ErickMcCollum.com and its owner, Erick McCollum.
- **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
- **Country** refers to: Texas,  United States
- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **Service** refers to the Website.
- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
- **Third-party Social Media Service** refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.
- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- **Website** refers to ErickMcCollum.com, accessible from [https://www.erickmccollum.com](/).
- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
### Types of Data Collected
#### Personal Data 
While using Our Service, We **do not** ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You.

#### Usage Data
Usage Data **is not** collected automatically when using the Service.

We **do not** collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

#### Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We **do not** use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. 

Learn more about cookies: [Cookies: What Do They Do?](https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/blog/cookies/).

Since We **do not** use Cookies and similar tracking technologies, We do not have a separate Cookies Policy for Our Service.

### Use of Your Personal Data
The Company **does not** collect or use Your Personal Data.

### Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company **does not** collect or retain Your Personal Data.

### Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, **is not** processed by the Company.

### Disclosure of Your Personal Data 
The Company **does not** collect or disclose Your Personal Data.

### Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

Upon Update of Our Privacy Policy, We will update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us by visiting this page on our website: [https://www.erickmccollum.com/contact-me/](/contact-me/).